it all started with a letter from my
company they launched program
of salary savings
I did not understand at first open a
count with my box
so I said to marie ya my box
thinks of themselves as a bank and who wants
I tell you about salary savings
as I already had accounts at the
bank and that all that seemed good to me
complicated I was going to throw the papers to
the trash except that actually it's very
simple it was not me who came from
to say that sorry but you are who I
asked someone who is precisely there
to explain that the wage shares
it's not complicated and he adds that
it's even a real plus
absolutely enjoy
he then began to explain to me that he
it was neither more nor less than
account to less independent of my
company where I was going to be able to save
be five years in my savings account
pay for either my retirement on my
retirement savings account
it seemed interesting to me but I
still asked and why I
would like to tell with my company
while I already have it at the bank
my question had hit home and there he
started giving me real arguments
on the bank account I could
to make that personal payments then
that there are several ways
to fund my savings account
salary and retirement but installments
volunteers but also bonuses from my
business participation and
profit sharing and even days of
leave not taken that I could
turn into savings and when he said
that all was additionally exempt
of taxes I could not help but say
of the court it's more saving for me
and while I thought it was over
he added that in addition to my business
took care of the expenses of my
account and can also participate in my
payment by paying the
big much better than my bank
but all that seems suspicious to me
so asked t there is a wolf that's it
how do I do to recover my
money
he then reminded me that he existed
our case of unlocking possible for the
pe and 5 for the perco
if I wanted to build myself a
main residence you unlock if I
wanted to get married
you develop if I wanted three
children killed
and if I wanted to die you unlock
also but all that to say that
the salary saved is really a
chance to seize and that's really
interesting
he was right so I started to
imagine myself saving for big
projects with married now the spared
salary I knew what it was a
true when to me simple and advantageous